Initial version (#2)
projectsyn/component-blackbox-exporter: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

The namespace in which to deploy this component.

== `helmValues`

[horizontal]
type:: dict
default:: `{}`

> List of helm values to pass to the helm chart. For a list of supported values see: https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/prometheus-blackbox-exporter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
List of Helm values to pass to the Helm chart.
For a list of supported values see the https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/prometheus-blackbox-exporter[prometheus-blackbox-exporter Helm chart].
```

> List of helm values to pass to the helm chart. For a list of supported values see: https://github.com/helm/charts/tree/master/stable/prometheus-blackbox-exporter

Reviewer 2: This link says
>DEPRECATED and moved to https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts

```suggestion
List of helm values to pass to the helm chart. For a list of supported values see: https://github.com/prometheus-community/helm-charts/blob/main/charts/prometheus-blackbox-exporter/values.yaml
```

== Example

[source,yaml]
----

> namespace: my-blackbox-exporter

Reviewer: Is the idea to have one namespace per exporter? I'd suggest considering allowing users to have multiple exporters in a single namespace (see https://github.com/projectsyn/component-nfs-subdir-external-provisioner for how that's achievable)

helmValues:

>   runAsUser: "1005499999"

Reviewer: Side note: it's not gonna be fun having to configure this after the component has been deployed on OpenShift 4 (as you can't predict the UID range which your namespace will get assigned easily), might be worth to write a postprocessing filter which removes the fixed `runAsUser` config in the deployment for OpenShift 4 to let OpenShift assign a random UID to the resulting pods.

Reviewer 2: Yeah, we figured out that you can just set it to `null` here to avoid that

Reviewer: > Yeah, we figured out that you can just set it to null here to avoid that

Seems like something that should be documented somewhere in the component docs then

Author: I wonder if I should set it to null as default in the component. What do you think?

Reviewer: Generally, on non-OCP you'll want the `runAsUser` field to be set to avoid having the image run as root, so I don't know whether setting it to `null` in the component defaults is the best option.

Author: Ok. Will not set it by default then in the component and will leave it as is. Updated the documentation though
